doc: update CSIT documentation (#57)
agntcy/docs: docs/pages/csit.md

The CSIT integrations directory contains the tasks that create the test
environment, deploy the components to be tested, and run the tests.

### Running Integration Tests Locally

> Running locally we need to create a test cluster and deploy the test env on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For running tests locally, we need to create a test cluster and deploy the test environment on it before running the tests.
```

> it before running the tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> It requires the following tools to be installed on local machine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure the following tools are installed:
```

The samples directory in the CSIT repository serves two primary purposes related
to the testing of agentic applications.

### Running Samples Tests Locally

> Running locally we need some tools to build the sample applications and run the tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For running tests locally, we need the following tools to build the sample applications:
```

> It requires the followings on local machine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  - [Taskfile](https://taskfile.dev/installation/)
  - [Python 3.12.X](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
  - [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installation)
  - [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-started/get-docker/)
  - [Kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user/quick-start#installation)
  - [Kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/#kubectl)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Run the test:

```
